hey guys welcome to my channel I have a
guest today his name is Max hey guys
john max is from new york new york born
in new york raised in new york delivers
York so he's a native speaker and today
I'm going to ask him questions from the
TOEFL exam and if you have been watching
my videos I told that you one question
why the question - in TOEFL are really
ridiculous because you would never have
a situation in your life when a person
just approaches you and asks a weird
question and you have 15 seconds to
think on your answer and then you have
like 45 seconds to to talk so you cannot
say just one thing you have to elaborate
oh yeah you need to face like way
everything but yeah I found some cool
questions they're real total questions
that have been in the exams in the past
two years so we're going to see holla
native-speaker actually answered the
TOEFL Bucky
[Music]
so question number one when actually saw
it and so they were kidding me but so
remember I'm reading the question and
then you have 15 seconds or you have to
absorb the guardroom if you were
convicted of a murder would you prefer
that that's the death sentence or life
in prison
jeez it'd probably have to be a death
sentence of life in prison I hear this
is always weird you know you treated
like an animal you know you're kind of
just like in a weird situation always so
death get a quick one done man
you know are you gonna do what are you
gonna yell like less than 50% oh my what
is the easiest way because you guys know
it you want to be your president for the
rest of your life I don't think so
I'm gonna explain it so the reason why I
said he's going to get less than 50% is
because you have to provide your opinion
and then you have to provide at least
two fat like arguments and they have to
be like either real examples or
something you've read or something
you've heard and you have to use all of
the connectors so you would say in my
opinion that sentence is the best option
here because first I think that people
are treated like animals and prisons
would and I've seen this movie about
this guy getting convicted and getting a
life sentence and the reason number two
is because one of my friends next
question find another question like
laughing at them she's really good to go
yesterday should parents be allowed to
choose the sex of their child ahead of
time
we guess that's a hard one I mean
honestly and say no let God choose the
sex of your kid that's the religious way
but I feel like we're in an environment
where every woman wants to you know kind
of determine they want a boy or a girl
but I think it's kind of you know
messing with life because life should be
unexpected in a jerk so I say no I'll
give you more business so you've done
better because you provided two
arguments but what I'm still
dissatisfied with just realize that I'll
fail the exam so um you cannot start
with oh my gosh this is a tough question
you can either back that's different so
you need to start in my being or to my
mind or based on my experience uh
Canalis know if she's right let's
listener ya know so let's uh let's
practice more question number three no
I'm just leaving over Jesus Christ so
she's quite a question the person asks
the question can't say Jesus Christ
she's using it she will fail I didn't an
airline had a somewhat abstract painting
by Picasso over nude woman on a wall at
an airport and some people complained
that it should be taken down what do you
think in my opinion art is everything
artists objective art is unknown artists
your own interpretation
let R be art why I just an organ sorry I
think that's one reason enough
but honestly don't know honestly art is
life you think you know I have this
friend instead art is what is inside a
thing art is like see a friend that's
their art is life I've been in Italy
I've been to the Venice it's amazing
just see all this kind of art see you
see how my points are going up guys up
and up and up but honestly when you get
to see art and it doesn't matter what it
is it can be a naked lady it can be a
tree all right yeah so this one was
better I feel like we look so stupid
when I'm so busy but anyway I got 10 out
of 10 because I use an example I used in
my opinion and yeah I like I like the
part about Venice so you can come up
with anything out like some people say
don't lie during the exam because that
will make you feel confused but if you
don't come up with anything because if
you don't have a story if you don't have
a reason then just say anything because
if you keep silent then the examiner
would think that you don't know the work
you don't know what to say and that
you're confused so it's better to like
this is my to say used in my opinion the
beginning it's okay but follow you book
nerds out there it's okay it's fine just
use your imagination united nation is
key remember that ok so we're going to
do the last one poker and the lesson I'm
going to do with timer so you should
speak for 45 seconds what is it a little
bit scary guys she ran away
shoot I'm getting I'm getting my phone
so we're gonna by the way a little
everyone out
up in Asia wherever you guys oh yeah
guys it's by the way right down below in
comments where you boys for watching us
from right yeah exactly
yeah shout out to all my friends out in
Italy if you're from for a majority or
for any of those areas ciao ciao ragazzi
bellavista if you're from Spain cacao
Barcelona that exactly thing all over
the world um the question is is it
better to save your money or suspended
as soon as you get in my opinion
honestly it's best to start spending a
little money now you knows once you get
older it's a little bit more difficult
you think it's all fun what's become you
know twenty-five twenty-six twenty-seven
and you think by the time you reach that
age you know are you going to save and
all this and that but while you're young
it's good to just go out there enjoy
life go and travel meet new people
because you never know sometimes you
think that the goal that you want is
right now but it ends up being in the
future so enjoy life while you can and
it's about time a lot of times Oh No you
know yeah it was pretty close so you
have time in the end you can just say
that's why I think so that's why I think
it's better to spend money okay your
screen yes so if you have some time in
the end so what I did in one of my
questions I just because it was the
first question I was so nervous I was
like uh-uh I know is it and this is
husband issue don't do that but I think
TOEFL guys are actually understanding
and caring human beings so they didn't
reduce my score because of it yeah so if
you have some time either keep silent or
say this is what I think so this is
these are my reasons behind my decision
to spend money while I'm young for yeah
yeah so let me know guys that this was
helpful and yet don't forget to tell us
where you're watching us from and if you
like Max I'm going to be in New York in
July
and we're going to do a lot of new
serious if you don't forget to like to
see you if you need to practice with
TOEFL and if you want to practice with
Matt just speaking you know or just just
practice to spoken English we have
developed this new service where you
press the one and you get instantly
connected to a native speaker so if you
go in language of calm / speak you can
buy 60 minutes with a native speaker and
match one of them yes the link will be
below that okay yay thank you so much
nice thank you thank you
whew happy preparation guys
[Music]
you